=eBay GetSingleItem API call in a WordPress short code=
This plugin is obviously part of what could be a much larger plugin that implements parts of the eBay API for WordPress. All I require is to display basic auction data in a &lt;div&gt;, so that is all this plugin does.
==Install==
* create and cd into WEBROOT/wp-content/plugins/ebayGetSingleItem/
* Download the zip
** $wget https://github.com/moens/eBay-GetSingleItem-WordPress-Plugin/zipball/master
* unzip the goodness
* activate plugin from wp admin interface

==Config==
Use the wp-admin > Settings > eBay GetSingleItem section to set your eBay appid.

You need an eBay appid, if you don't have one:
* sign up here: https://www.x.com/developers/ebay
* login
* create production keys
* copy / paste the appid into the above Settings location

==Usage==
* Create a WP post
* Locate the eBay auction you wish to include
* Find and copy the "Item Number" in the top right of the Description Tab
* Insert a short code, <nowiki>[eBayItem]130750248056[/eBayItem]</nowiki> in your post.
* Modify the css &amp; layout.ebayGetSingleItem.php file to finesse style 

==Please Steal This Code==
I have not listed this in the normal WP plugins directory because it is unlikely that 
I will maintain it regularly enough (plus, I hate svn... why can't the WP plugin repo pull 
from GitHub? Yeah, I could do this --> [http://teleogistic.net/2011/05/revisiting-git-github-and-the-wordpress-org-plugin-repository/ hacker-er than thou]). 
So... if this looks like a good basis for a plugin that you will maintain, please fork it, 
upload it on wp.org and maintian it. I'll probably use your version. Thanks!
